#summary Setup DFRS Environment  .

1. Download & install jdk-6u12-windows-i586-p.exe, or higher, default to C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_12

2. Configure java path & source: add to environment variables
{{{
JAVA_HOME
C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_12

Path
%JAVA_HOME%\bin
}}}

Test by commands on DOS prompt
{{{
java
}}}
{{{
javac
}}}
<this should return list of java syntax>

2b. Set java option
{{{
_JAVA_OPTIONS
-Xms512m -Xmx1024m
}}}

3. Configure android path & source: add to environment variables
{{{
ANDROID_HOME
<location of your library>\android-sdk-windows

Path
%ANDROID_HOME%\tools;%ANDROID_HOME%\platform-tools
}}}

Test by commands on DOS prompt
{{{
adb
}}}
<this should return list of adb syntax>

Connect via usb an Android phone, then test by commands on DOS prompt
{{{
adb devices
}}}
<this should return list of devices are plugged in via USB>

4. Download & configure maven path & source: add to environment variables
{{{
MAVEN_HOME
<location of your library>\apache-maven-3.0.3

Path
%MAVEN_HOME%\bin
}}}

Test by commands on DOS prompt
{{{
mvn
}}}
<this should return list of maven syntax>

5. Configure pom.xml to system under test (SUT) project like here
Use maven to compile SUT project source, by command prompt at:
{{{
mvn clean compile
}}}
Should be no error found
Use maven to install SUT to device under test (DUT), by command prompt at:
{{{
mvn clean install android:redeploy -Dandroid.device=usb
}}}
Should be no error found

7. Get and configure DFRS project. Get DFRS_v0.9.zip file, from here

7a. Configure pom.xml to DFRS project like file example_DRFS_pom.zip from [http://code.google.com/p/datadriven-for-robotium-selenium/downloads/list here]

7b. Configure AndroidManifest.xml to DFRS project, like example_DFRS_AndroidManifest.zip, from [http://code.google.com/p/datadriven-for-robotium-selenium/downloads/list here]:

Change 
{{{
android:targetPackage="<your SUT package>"
}}}
    * example: 
{{{
android:targetPackage="com.zoomme.zoom"
}}}

7c. Configure src\com\dfrs\RobotiumTest.java to DFRS project, like examole_DFRS_RobotiumTest.zip, from [http://code.google.com/p/datadriven-for-robotium-selenium/downloads/list here]:

Change
{{{
private static final String TARGET_PACKAGE_ID = "<your package name>";
private static final String LAUNCHER_ACTIVITY_FULL_CLASSNAME = "<your first app screen activity>";
}}}
    * example: 
{{{
private static final String TARGET_PACKAGE_ID = "com.zoomme.zoom";
private static final String LAUNCHER_ACTIVITY_FULL_CLASSNAME = "com.zoomme.zoom.app.screens.GenSplash";
}}}

8. Use maven to compile DFRS project, by command prompt at:
{{{
mvn clean compile
}}}
Should be no error found

9. Plug a device(s) via usb and open usb debugging on device, create ../DCIM/DFRS folder

10. Design test-cases to test & copy config & url_batch.XLS files to ../DCIM/DFRS folder on external hard drive on device(s)

11. Compile to run test on devices with:
{{{
mvn clean install android:redeploy -Dandroid.device=usb
}}}

12. As designed, DFRS will auto execute test-cases (auto download if needed) on device to SUT application. Then, report will be generated to output.xls or HTML format on ../DCIM/DFRS folder on external hard drive on device(s)